README.md, before:

# Ezhil

Clean and minimal personal blog and portfolio theme for Hugo.

## Demo

[View demo](https://ezhil-hugo.netlify.com/)

![Screenshot](images/screenshot-light.png "Ezhil light theme")
![Screenshot](images/screenshot-dark.png "Ezhil dark theme")

## Features

* Clean and minimal
* Dark mode (Auto detect from OS)
* Responsive
* Supports tags
* Social media links
* Google Analytics integration
* Syntax highlighting
* Twitter cards and opengraph tags support
* Disqus comments
* Hugo RSS feeds

## Installation

From your Hugo site run the following.

```sh
cd themes
git clone https://github.com/vividvilla/ezhil.git
```

For more information read the [official setup guide](https://gohugo.io/overview/installing/) of Hugo.

## Configuration

```toml
baseURL = "http://example.org/"
languageCode = "en-us"
title = "My personal blog"
theme = "ezhil"

copyright = "© Copyright notice"

# Enable syntax highlighting.
pygmentsstyle = "vs"
pygmentscodefences = true
pygmentscodefencesguesssyntax = true

# Your Google analytics code.
googleAnalytics = "UA-123-45"
# Your Disqus sortname.
disqusShortname = "localhost"

# Number of posts to show in recent posts list (Optional). Defaults to 10.
paginate = 10

[params]
    # Blog subtitle which appears below blog title. Supports markdown.
    subtitle = "Clean and minimal personal [blog theme for Hugo](https://github.com/vividvilla/ezhil)"
    # Content types which are included in home page recent posts list.
    mainSections = ["posts"]
    # Content types which are excludes Disqus comments.
    disableDisqusTypes = ["page"]
    # If social media links are enabled then enable this to fetch icons from CDN instead of hosted on your site.
    featherIconsCDN = true
    # Specify favicon (icons/i.png maps to static/icons/i.png). No favicon if not defined.
    favicon = "icons/myicon.png"
    # Switch to dark mode or auto detect mode from OS (Optional).
    # "dark" will set mode to dark and "auto" will switch to dark mode if OS is in dark mode.
    mode = "dark" # "dark" or "auto"

# Main menu which appears below site header.
[[menu.main]]
name = "Home"
url = "/"
weight = 1

[[menu.main]]
name = "All posts"
url = "/posts"
weight = 2

[[menu.main]]
name = "About"
url = "/about"
weight = 3

[[menu.main]]
name = "Tags"
url = "/tags"
weight = 4

# Social media links which shows up on site header.
# Uses feather icons for icons. You can [search icon names from here](https://feathericons.com/).
[[params.social]]
name = "Github"
icon = "github"
url = "https://github.com/vividvilla/ezhil"

[[params.social]]
name = "Twitter"
icon = "twitter"
url = "https://twitter.com/gohugoio"

# Enable tags.
[taxonomies]
   tag = "tags"
```

## Content type

You can specify content type with field `type` in your content. For example static pages can be set as type `page` which are excluded from recent posts and all posts page. You can use site params `mainSections` and `disableDisqusTypes` to control which page types are excluded from recent posts and Disqus comments respectively.

```md
---
title: "About"
date: 2019-04-19T21:37:58+05:30
type: "page"
---

This is some static page where you can write about yourself.
```

## Disable Disqus

You can disable Disqus from contents selectively or for all contents with certain content type. Use content field `disqus` to disable Disqus from certain contents.

```md
---
title: "Content without comments"
date: 2019-04-19T21:37:58+05:30
disqus: false
---

This is a content without Disqus comments.
```

You can also disable Disqus for certain content types by using site param `disableDisqusTypes`. You can check config section above for example.

## Credits

* [Feather Icons](https://feathericons.com/)
* [Zen habits](https://zenhabits.net/) for demo content

Commit message:

feat: load custom CSS and JS

README.md, after:

# Ezhil

Clean and minimal personal blog and portfolio theme for Hugo.

## Demo

[View demo](https://ezhil-hugo.netlify.com/)

![Screenshot](images/screenshot-light.png "Ezhil light theme")
![Screenshot](images/screenshot-dark.png "Ezhil dark theme")

## Features

* Clean and minimal
* Dark mode (Auto detect from OS)
* Responsive
* Supports tags
* Social media links
* Google Analytics integration
* Syntax highlighting
* Twitter cards and opengraph tags support
* Disqus comments
* Hugo RSS feeds
* Custom CSS/JS

## Installation

From your Hugo site run the following.

```sh
cd themes
git clone https://github.com/vividvilla/ezhil.git
```

For more information read the [official setup guide](https://gohugo.io/overview/installing/) of Hugo.

## Configuration

```toml
baseURL = "http://example.org/"
languageCode = "en-us"
title = "My personal blog"
theme = "ezhil"

copyright = "© Copyright notice"

# Enable syntax highlighting.
pygmentsstyle = "vs"
pygmentscodefences = true
pygmentscodefencesguesssyntax = true

# Your Google analytics code.
googleAnalytics = "UA-123-45"
# Your Disqus sortname.
disqusShortname = "localhost"

# Number of posts to show in recent posts list (Optional). Defaults to 10.
paginate = 10

[params]
    # Blog subtitle which appears below blog title. Supports markdown.
    subtitle = "Clean and minimal personal [blog theme for Hugo](https://github.com/vividvilla/ezhil)"

    # Content types which are included in home page recent posts list.
    mainSections = ["posts"]

    # Content types which are excludes Disqus comments.
    disableDisqusTypes = ["page"]

    # If social media links are enabled then enable this to fetch icons from CDN instead of hosted on your site.
    featherIconsCDN = true

    # Specify favicon (icons/i.png maps to static/icons/i.png). No favicon if not defined.
    favicon = "icons/myicon.png"

    # Switch to dark mode or auto detect mode from OS (Optional).
    # "dark" will set mode to dark and "auto" will switch to dark mode if OS is in dark mode.
    mode = "dark" # "dark" or "auto"

    # Custom CSS added to default styles. Files added to `static` folder is copied as it is to
    # root by Hugo. For example if you have custom CSS file under `static/css/custom.css` then
    # you can specify custom css path as `css/custom.css`.
    customCSS = "css/custom.css"
    # Custom CSS added to dark mode style.
    customDarkCSS = "css/custom-dark.css"

    # Custom list of Javascript files to load. Just like custom CSS you can place js files under
    # `static/js` folder and specify path here as `js/script-name.js`.
    customJS = ["js/abc.js", "js/xyz.js"]

# Main menu which appears below site header.
[[menu.main]]
name = "Home"
url = "/"
weight = 1

[[menu.main]]
name = "All posts"
url = "/posts"
weight = 2

[[menu.main]]
name = "About"
url = "/about"
weight = 3

[[menu.main]]
name = "Tags"
url = "/tags"
weight = 4

# Social media links which shows up on site header.
# Uses feather icons for icons. You can [search icon names from here](https://feathericons.com/).
[[params.social]]
name = "Github"
icon = "github"
url = "https://github.com/vividvilla/ezhil"

[[params.social]]
name = "Twitter"
icon = "twitter"
url = "https://twitter.com/gohugoio"

# Enable tags.
[taxonomies]
   tag = "tags"
```

## Content type

You can specify content type with field `type` in your content. For example static pages can be set as type `page` which are excluded from recent posts and all posts page. You can use site params `mainSections` and `disableDisqusTypes` to control which page types are excluded from recent posts and Disqus comments respectively.

```md
---
title: "About"
date: 2019-04-19T21:37:58+05:30
type: "page"
---

This is some static page where you can write about yourself.
```

## Disable Disqus

You can disable Disqus from contents selectively or for all contents with certain content type. Use content field `disqus` to disable Disqus from certain contents.

```md
---
title: "Content without comments"
date: 2019-04-19T21:37:58+05:30
disqus: false
---

This is a content without Disqus comments.
```

You can also disable Disqus for certain content types by using site param `disableDisqusTypes`. You can check config section above for example.

## Credits

* [Feather Icons](https://feathericons.com/)
* [Zen habits](https://zenhabits.net/) for demo content
